Date: July 23, 2024

# Key Points Discussed: 
 - Try to solve the error about passing string from python to fortran in the code. I am struggling with bugs in my code, receiving error messages related to allocated memory. And we discussed potential errors in Python code and how to fix them
- Discussing about the report. 
	- I talked about the progress of my report, told the supervisor about my idea of the structure and content of the report, and then asked him if it was reasonable. 
	- For the methodology part, the supervisor suggests comparing three different tools to highlight their strengths and weaknesses in short rather than not mention. 
	- The supervisor requests that any partial reports be sent before the deadline to allow for proper reading and correction. 
- Performance testing
    - The supervisor suggests focusing on one note or two notes for TGV test, depending on my preference.
    - He also explains how to benchmark Fortran code using Python, focusing on one call count or a specific set of constraint powers 
    - He suggests running the CCS tool in Python to show progress (time) and record results (error_L2, error_Linf)
- The supervisor update the meeting schedules because he will be on leave from Monday to Tuesday, and will not work from Wednesday to the following Tuesday. But he will have a chat with Paul to fill him in on progress and discuss next week's meeting.  
# To Do 
- Hardcode string values in Fortran code instead of passing from Python    
- Run benchmark trials of code with varying cell counts and time steps, recording error and time.
- Send progress updates and partial report sections to Speaker 2 for feedback.